story-step1 story.txt
story-step1 story-error1.txt
story-step1 story-error2.txt
story-step1 story-error3.txt
story-step1 story-error4.txt
story-step1 story-error5.txt
story-step1 story-error6.txt
story-step1 story2.txt
story-step1 story2-error1.txt
story-step1 story2-error2.txt
story-step2 words.txt
story-step2 words-error1.txt
story-step2 words-error2.txt
story-step2 words-error3.txt
story-step2 words-error4.txt
story-step2 words-error5.txt
story-step2 words-error5.txt
story-step2 words-error6.txt
story-step2 words-error7.txt
story-step2 words-error8.txt
story-step2 words-error9.txt
story-step2 words-error10.txt
story-step2 words-error11.txt
story-step3 words.txt story2.txt
story-step3 words.txt story-error3.txt
story-step3 words.txt story2-error1.txt
story-step3 words.txt story2-error2.txt
story-step3 story2-error1.txt words.txt
story-step4 words.txt story2.txt
story-step4 words.txt story2-error1-s4.txt
story-step4 -n words.txt story2.txt
story-step4 words.txt -n story2.txt
story-step4 words.txt  story2.txt -n
story-step4 words.txt  story2.txt -n words-error1.txt
